Little Roy led his sheep down to pasture, And his cows, by the side of the brook;

But his cows never drank any water, And his sheep never needed a crook.

For the pasture was gay as a garden, And it glowed with a flowery red; But the meadows had never a grass blade, And the brooklet--it slept in its bed:

And it lay without sparkle or murmur, Nor reflected the blue of the skies; But the music was made by the shepherd, And the sparkle was all in his eyes.

Oh, he sang like a bird in the summer! And, if sometimes you fancied a bleat, That, too, was the voice of the shepherd, And not of the lambs at his feet.

And the glossy brown cows were so gentle

So he led all his sheep to the pasture, And his cows, by the side of the brook; Though it rained, yet the rain never pattered

And it was n't in Fairyland either, But a house in the midst of the town, Where Roy, as he looked from the window, Saw the silvery drops trickle down.

For his pasture was only a table, With its cover so flowery fair, And his brooklet was just a green ribbon, That his sister had lost from her hair.

And his cows were but glossy horse-chestnuts, That had grown on his grandfather's tree; And his sheep only snowy-white pebbles, He had brought from the shore of the sea.

And at length when the shepherd was weary, And had taken his milk and his bread, And his mother had kissed him and tucked him, And had bid him "good night" in his bed;

Then there entered his big brother Walter, While the shepherd was soundly asleep, And he cut up the cows into baskets, And to jackstones turned all of the sheep.

Johnny Reed was a little boy who never had seen a snowstorm till he was six years old. Before this, he had lived in a warm country, where the sun shines down on beautiful

"O mamma!" he cried, joyfully, "do come quick, and see these little white birds flying down from heaven." "They are not birds, Johnny," said mamma, smiling. "Then maybe the little angels are losing their feathers! do tell me what it is; is it sugar? Let me taste it," said

See how it rains! Oh dear, dear, dear! how dull it is! Must I stay in doors all day? Why, Rose, are you sorry that you had any bread and butter for breakfast, this morning? Why, father, what a question! I should be sorry, indeed, if I could not get any. Are you sorry, my daughter, when you see the flowers and the trees growing in the garden? Just now, I wished very much to go out and see them,--they look so pretty. Well, are you sorry when you see the horses, cows, or sheep drinking at the brook to quench their thirst? Why, father, you must think I am a cruel girl, to wish that the poor horses that work so hard, the beautiful cows that

"O pussy!" cried Herbert, in a voice of anger and dismay, as the blockhouse he was building fell in sudden ruin. The playful cat had rubbed against his mimic castle,

Soon, Herbert was as much interested in castle-building as he had been a little while before. He began to sing over his work. All his trouble was gone.

"But, papa, pussy must not knock my castles down. I can't have it," spoke out Herbert, knitting his forehead. "You must watch her, then. Little boys, as well as grown up people, have to be often on their guard. If you go into the street, you have to look out for the carriages, so as not to be run over, and you have to keep out of people's way. "In the house, if you go about heedlessly, you will be very apt to run against some one. I have seen a careless child dash suddenly into a room just as a servant was leaving it with a tray of dishes in her hands. A crash followed."

For some time, they struggled against the wind and the tide. At last, they became so tired that they could row no longer. A large wave upset the boat, and they were all thrown into the water. Think of James Brown, the truant, at this time! He was far from home, known by no one. His parents were ignorant of his danger.

My little white kitten's asleep on my knee; As white as the snow or the lilies is she;

My little white kitten now wants to go out And frolic, with no one to watch her about; "Little kitten," I say, "Just an hour you may stay, And be careful in choosing your places to play."

But night has come down, when I hear a loud "mew;" I open the door, and my kitten comes through; My white kitten! Can it really be she-- This ill-looking, beggar-like cat that I see?

What ugly, gray streaks on her side and her back! Her nose, once as pink as a rosebud, is black! Oh, I very well know, Though she does not say so, She has been where white kittens ought never to go.

If little good children intend to do right, If little white kittens would keep themselves white, It is needful that they Should this counsel obey, And be careful in choosing their places to play.

The beaver is found chiefly in North America. It is about three and a half feet long, including the flat, paddle- shaped tail, which is a foot in length. The long, shining hair on the back is chestnut-colored, while the fine, soft fur that lies next the skin, is grayish brown. Beavers build themselves most curious huts to live in, and quite frequently a great number of these huts are placed close together, like the buildings in a town. They always build their huts on the banks of rivers or lakes, for they swim much

He crept forward very cautiously, and was about to fire on the little creatures; but their amusing tricks reminded him so much of some little children he knew at home, that he thought it would be inhuman to kill them. So he left them without even disturbing their play.

Charles Rose lived in the country with his father, who taught him to read and to write. Rose told his son that, when his morning lessons were over, he might amuse himself for one hour as he pleased. There was a river near by. On its bank stood the hut of a poor fisherman, who lived by selling fish. His careful wife kept her wheel going early and late. They both worked very hard to keep themselves above want. But they were greatly troubled lest their only son should never learn to read and to write. They could not teach him themselves, and they were too poor to send him to school. Charles called at the hut of this fisherman one day, to inquire about his dog, which was missing.

"No, I am trying to write," said little Joe, "but I know only two words. Those I saw upon a sign, and I am trying to write them." "If I could only learn to read and write," said he, "I should be the happiest boy in the world."

Clink, clink, clinkerty clink! We begin to hammer at morning's blink, And hammer away Till the busy day, Like us, aweary, to rest shall sink.

Clink, clink, clinkerty clink! From labor and care we never will shrink;

Clink, clink, clinkerty clink; The chain we'll forge with many a link.

Clink, clink, clinkerty clink! Our faces may be as black as ink, But our hearts are true As man ever knew, And kindly of all we shall ever think.

Frank was one day walking with his mother, when they came to a pretty garden. Frank looked in, and saw that it had clean gravel walks, and beds of beautiful flowers all in bloom. He called to his mother, and said, "Mother, come and look at this pretty garden. I wish I might open the gate, and walk in."

Frank walked along the neat gravel paths, and looked at everything, but touched nothing that he saw. He did not tread on any of the borders, and was careful that his clothes should not brush the tops of the flowers, lest he might break them.

a great many sheep. Among them was a beautiful lamb, which belonged to John. Then he felt very sorry that he had deceived his friends and neighbors, and grieved over the loss of his pet lamb.

The truth itself is not believed, From one who often has deceived.

A little bird, with feathers brown, Sat singing on a tree; The song was very soft and low, But sweet as it could be.

The people who were passing by, Looked up to see the bird

That made the sweetest melody That ever they had heard. But all the bright eyes looked in vain; Birdie was very small, And with his modest, dark-brown coat, He made no show at all. "Why, father," little Gracie said "Where can the birdie be? If I could sing a song like that, I'd sit where folks could see." "I hope my little girl will learn A lesson from the bird, And try to do what good she can, Not to be seen or heard. "This birdie is content to sit Unnoticed on the way, And sweetly sing his Maker's praise From dawn to close of day. "So live, my child, all through your life, That, be it short or long, Though others may forget your looks, They'll not forget your song."

Adapted from Elihu Burritt.

We are but minutes--little things! Each one furnished with sixty wings, With which we fly on our unseen track, And not a minute ever comes back.

We are but minutes; use us well, For how we are used we must one day tell. Who uses minutes, has hours to use; Who loses minutes, whole years must lose.

said the man. The boy took it, well pleased with his morning's trade. No sooner was the bargain settled than the man opened the cage door, and let all the birds fly away. The boy, in great surprise, cried, "What did you do that for, sir? You have lost all your birds."

A moment too late, my beautiful bird, A moment too late are you now; The wind has your soft, downy nest disturbed-- The nest that you hung on the bough.

A moment too late; that string in your bill, Would have fastened it firmly and strong; But see, there it goes, rolling over the hill! Oh, you staid a moment too long.

A moment, one moment too late, busy bee; The honey has dropped from the flower: No use to creep under the petals and see; It stood ready to drop for an hour.

A moment too late; had you sped on your wing, The honey would not have been gone;

Now you see what a very, a very sad thing 'T is to stay a moment too long.

Little girl, never be a moment too late, It will soon end in trouble or crime; Better be an hour early, and stand and wait, Than a moment behind the time.

If the bird and the bee, little boy, were too late, Remember, as you play along On your way to school, with pencil and slate, Never stay a moment too long.

They are always ready to help those who need help." "I shall never think Mary's hands are ugly any more, Miss Roberts." "I am glad to hear you say that, Daisy; and I must tell you that they are beautiful because they do their work gladly and cheerfully." "O Miss Roberts! I feel so ashamed of myself, and so sorry," said Daisy, looking into her teacher's face with tearful eyes.

Stand up in a row in a comical way,-- Now folding their forepaws as if saying, "please;" Now rattling the lattice, as much as to say, "We shall not stay here without more bread and cheese," They are not at all shy, as you'll find, if you try To make them run up in their chamber to bed; If they do n't want to go, why, they won't go--ah! no, Though you tap with your finger each queer little head. One day as I stood by the side of the cage, Through the bars there protruded a funny, round tail;

Just for mischief I caught it, and soon; in a rage, Its owner set up a most pitiful wail. He looked in dismay,--there was something to pay,-- But what was the matter he could not make out; What was holding him so, when he wanted to go To see what his brothers upstairs were about?

But soon from the chamber the others rushed down, Impatient to learn what the trouble might be; I have not a doubt that each brow wore a frown, Only frowns on their brows are not easy to see. For a moment they gazed, perplexed and amazed; Then began both together to--gnaw off the tail! So, quick I released him,--do you think that it pleased him? And up the small staircase they fled like a gale.

street, to repeat them to those he might meet. When he came back, his father gave him two bright, new silver dollars. His face lighted up as he took them. He had wished for a long time to buy some pretty books that he had seen at the bookstore.

Remember, oh remember, That, all the day and night, He sees our thoughts and actions With an ever-watchful sight.

Remember, child, remember, That God is good and true; That He wishes us to always be Like Him in all we do.

Remember that He ever hates A falsehood or a lie; Remember He will punish, too, The wicked, by and by.

Remember, oh remember, That He is like a friend, And wishes us to holy be, And happy, in the end.

Remember, child, remember, To pray to Him in heaven; And if you have been doing wrong, Oh, ask to be forgiven.

Be sorry, in your little prayer, And whisper in his ear; Ask his forgiveness and his love. And He will surely hear.

Remember, child, remember, That you love, with all your might,

she teased him with the question, "Can you weigh an elephant, Teddy?" At last, while eating his supper, Teddy suddenly cried out, "I have it now!" "Do you think so?" asked his mother. "How would you do it," asked Lily.

I'm longing to he: The name and the life of a soldier for me! I would not be living at ease and at play; True honor and glory I'd win in my day.

in armor arrayed; My weapons in hand, of no contest afraid; I'd ever be ready to strike the first blow, And to fight my way through the ranks of the foe.

But then, let me tell you, no blood would I shed,

Oh, then, let me be! My friends, I invite you, enlist now with me. Truth's bands shall be mustered, love's foes shall give way! Let's up, and be clad in our battle array!

that some boy had hid himself in the wood, for the purpose of mocking him. "Robert," said his mother, "you are angry with yourself alone. You heard nothing but your own words." "Why, mother, how can that be?" said Robert. "Did you never hear an echo?" asked his mother.

sun was high, he was hot, and wished for a cool place where he might rest and eat his dinner. While he hunted about the bank he saw among the moss some fine, wild strawberries, which were a bright scarlet with ripeness.

Our Father in heaven, We hallow thy name; May thy kingdom holy On earth be the same; Oh, give to us daily Our portion of bread; It is from thy bounty, That all must be fed.

Forgive our transgressions.

"I guess you do n't," was the quick response. "It is n't Mr. Raymond's," said Fred, shooting wide of the mark. "I know that; Mr. Raymond's is twice as large," observed Tom, going on with his drawing lesson. Do you suppose Fred took any comfort in that knife? Not a bit of comfort did he take. He was conscious all the time of having something in his possession that did

The very next night, the bat encountered another danger. He was snapped up by puss, who took him for a mouse, and immediately prepared to eat him. "I beg you to stop one moment," said the bat. "Pray, Miss Puss, what do you suppose I am?" "A mouse, to be sure!" said the cat. "Not at all," said the bat, spreading his long wings. "Sure enough," said the cat: "you seem to be a bird, though your feathers are 3,7.

This is the way the morning dawns: Rosy tints on flowers and trees, Winds that wake the birds and bees, Dewdrops on the fields and lawns-- This is the way the morning dawns.

This is the way the sun comes up: Gold on brook and glossy leaves,

Mist that melts above the sheaves, Vine, and rose, and buttercup-- This is the way the sun comes up.

This is the way the river flows: Here a whirl, and there a dance; Slowly now, then, like a lance, Swiftly to the sea it goes-- This is the way the river flows.

This is the way the rain comes down: Tinkle, tinkle, drop by drop, Over roof and chimney top; Boughs that bend, and skies that frown-- This is the way the rain comes down.

This is the way the birdie sings: "Baby birdies in the nest, You I surely love the best; Over you I fold my wings"-- This is the way the birdie sings.

This is the way the daylight dies: Cows are lowing in the lane, Fireflies wink on hill and plain; Yellow, red, and purple skies-- This is the way the daylight dies.

From that time he went on thinking and thinking; and when he became a man, he improved the steam engine so much that it could, with the greatest ease, do the work of many horses. When you see a steamboat, a steam mill, or a locomotive, remember that it would never have been built if it had not been for the hard thinking of some one. A man named Galileo was once standing in the cathedral of Pisa, when he saw a chandelier swaying to and fro.

way as any, so long as it lasts. I do n't care how I get rich, you know, so that it's in an honest and useful way." "I'd like to sleep over the next ten years, and wake up to find myself a young man with a splendid education and plenty of money."

"Uncle Philip, as the day is fine, will you take a walk with us this morning?" "Yes, boys. Let me get my hat and cane, and we will take a ramble. I will tell you a story as we go. Do you know poor old Tom Smith?" "Know him! Why, Uncle Philip, everybody knows him. He is such a shocking drunkard, and swears so horribly." "Well, I have known him ever since we were boys together. There was not a more decent, well-behaved boy among us. After he left school, his father died, and he was put into a store in the city. There, he fell into bad company. "Instead of spending his evenings in reading, he would go to the theater and to balls. He soon learned to play cards, and of course to play for money. He lost more than he could pay. "He wrote to his poor mother, and told her his losses. She sent him money to pay his debts, and told him to come home.

the story of Tom Smith, and said to you, 'Beware of the first drink!' The man who does this will never be a drunkard."

Speak gently; it is better far To rule by love than fear: Speak gently; let no harsh words mar The good we might do here.

Speak gently to the little child; Its love be sure to gain; Teach it in accents soft and mild; It may not long remain.

Speak gently to the aged one; Grieve not the careworn heart: The sands of life are nearly run; Let such in peace depart.

Speak gently, kindly, to the poor; Let no harsh tone be heard; They have enough they must endure, Without an unkind word.

Speak gently to the erring; know They must have toiled in vain; Perhaps unkindness made them so; Oh, win them back again.

Speak gently: 'tis a little thing Dropped in the heart's deep well; The good, the joy, which it may bring, Eternity shall tell. George Washington Langford.

"Ah!" said his sons, "it is easy enough to do it so; anybody could do it in that way." Their father replied, "As it is with these sticks, so is it with you, my sons.

Home, city, country, all are prosperous found, When by the powerful link of union bound.

here is a picture of her far-away home. The mountain life is ever a fresh and happy one.

The night was dark, the sun was hid Beneath the mountain gray, And not a single star appeared To shoot a silver ray.

Across the heath the owlet flew, And screamed along the blast; And onward, with a quickened step, Benighted Harry passed.

Now, in thickest darkness plunged, He groped his way to find; And now, he thought he saw beyond, A form of horrid kind.

In deadly white it upward rose, Of cloak and mantle bare, And held its naked arms across, To catch him by the hair.

Poor Harry felt his blood run cold, At what before him stood; But then, thought he, no harm, I'm sure, Can happen to the good.

So, calling all his courage up, He to the monster went; And eager through the dismal gloom His piercing eyes he bent.

And when he came well nigh the ghost That gave him such affright, He clapped his hands upon his side, And loudly laughed outright.

For 't was a friendly guidepost stood, His wandering steps to guide; And thus he found that to the good, No evil could betide.

Ah well, thought he, one thing I've learned, Nor shall I soon forget; Whatever frightens me again, I'll march straight up to it.

And when I hear an idle tale, Of monster or of ghost, I'll tell of this, my lonely walk, And one tall, white guidepost.

Amy was a dear little girl, but she was too apt to waste time in getting ready to do her tasks, instead of doing them at once as she ought.

do this, and then it was so near dinner time that she had to stay at home until afternoon. As soon as dinner was over, she took

"Mother, who made the stars, which light The beautiful blue sky? Who made the moon, so clear and bright, That rises up so high?"

"'T was God, my child, the Glorious One, He formed them by his power; He made alike the brilliant sun, And every leaf and flower.

"He made your little feet to walk; Your sparkling eyes to see; Your busy, prattling tongue to talk, And limbs so light and free.

"He paints each fragrant flower that blows, With loveliness and bloom; He gives the violet and the rose Their beauty and perfume.

"Our various wants his hands supply; He guides us every hour; We're kept beneath his watchful eye, And guarded by his power.

"Then let your little heart, my love, Its grateful homage pay To that kind Friend, who, from above, Thus guides you every day.

"In all the changing scenes of time, On Him our hopes depend; In every age, in every clime, Our Father and our Friend."

thank you," said they; "we do not want any pay for what we have done." When the widow got home, she told her lame son what had happened on the road, 9.

The alder by the river Shakes out her powdery curls; The willow buds in silver For little boys and girls.

The little birds fly over, And oh, how sweet they sing! To tell the happy children That once again 't is Spring.

The gay green grass comes creeping So soft beneath their feet; The frogs begin to ripple A music clear and sweet.

And buttercups are coming, And scarlet columbine, And in the sunny meadows The dandelions shine.

And just as many daisies As their soft hands can hold, The little ones may gather, All fair in white and gold.

Here blows the warm red clover, There peeps the violet blue; Oh, happy little children! God made them all for you.

Here, George, take this snowball, and show James that you are not such a coward as he thinks you are. I am not afraid to throw it; but I do not want to.

In the old, old hall the old clock stands, And round and round move the steady hands; With its tick, tick, tick, both night and day, While seconds and minutes pass away.

At the old, old clock oft wonders Nell, For she can't make out what it has to tell;

When I was a child, as Nell is now, And long ere Time had wrinkled my brow, The old, old clock both by night and day Said,--"Tick, tick, tick!" Time passes away.

Do n't kill the birds!

The little birds! how sweet they sing! Oh, let them joyous live;

Do n't kill the birds! the pretty birds, That play among the trees;

For earth would be a cheerless place, If it were not for these.

The little birds! how fond they play! Do not disturb their sport; But let them warble forth their songs, Till winter cuts them short.

Do n't kill the birds! the happy birds, That bless the field and grove; So innocent to look upon, They claim our warmest love.

The happy birds, the tuneful birds, How pleasant 't is to see! No spot can be a cheerless place

Though "No" is a very little word, it is not always easy to say it; and the not doing so, often causes trouble.

"I love you, mother," said little John; Then, forgetting work, his cap went on, And he was off to the garden swing, Leaving his mother the wood to bring.

"I love you, mother," said rosy Nell; "I love you better than tongue can tell;"

Then she teased and pouted full half the day, Till her mother rejoiced when she went to play.

"I love you, mother," said little Fan; "To-day I'll help you all I can; How glad I am that school does n't keep!" So she rocked the baby till it fell asleep.

Then, stepping softly, she took the broom, And swept the floor, and dusted the room; Busy and happy all day was she, Helpful and cheerful as child could be.

"I love you, mother," again they said-- Three little children going to bed; How do you think that mother guessed Which of them really loved her best?

horse; and he was examining it carefully, to see how it was made. The same evening he began to make one for himself. He went into the wood shed, and picked

The fisher who draws in his net too soon, Won't have any fish to sell; The child who shuts up his book too soon, Won't learn any lessons well.

If you would have your learning stay, Be patient,--do n't learn too fast: The man who travels a mile each day, May get round the world at last.

very quickly to the middle of the road, and, catching the horse by thc bridle, stopped him till Mr. Lenox came up. Thank you, my good boy, you have caught my horse very nicely. What shall I give you for your trouble? I want nothing, sir. You want nothing? So much the better for you. Few men can say as much. But what were you doing in the field? I was rooting up weeds, and tending the sheep that were feeding on turnips. Do you like to work? Yes, sir, very well, this fine weather. But would you not rather play? This is not hard work. It is almost as good as play. Who set you to work? My father, sir. What is your name? Peter Hurdle, sir. How old are you? Eight years old, next June. How long have you been here? Ever since six o'clock this morning. Are you not hungry? Yes, sir, but I shall go to dinner soon.

If you had a dime now, what would you do with it? I do n't know, sir. I never had so much. Have you no playthings?

Little Gustava sits in the sun, Safe in the porch, and the little drops run From the icicles under the eaves so fast, For the bright spring sun shines warm at last, And glad is little Gustava.

She wears a quaint little scarlet cap, And a little green bowl she holds in her lap, Filled with bread and milk to the brim, And a wreath of marigolds round the rim: "Ha! ha!" laughs little Gustava.

Up comes her little gray, coaxing cat, With her little pink nose, and she mews, "What's that ?" Gustava feeds her,--she begs for more, And a little brown hen walks in at the door: "Good day!" cries little Gustava.

She scatters crumbs for the little brown hen, There comes a rush and a flutter, and then Down fly her little white doves so sweet, With their snowy wings and their crimson feet: "Welcome!" cries little Gustava.

So dainty and eager they pick up the crumbs. But who is this through the doorway comes?

Little Scotch terrier, little dog Rags, Looks in her face, and his funny tail wags: "Ha! ha!" laughs little Gustava.

"You want some breakfast, too?" and down She sets her bowl on the brick floor brown, And little dog Rags drinks up her milk, While she strokes his shaggy locks, like silk: "Dear Rags!" says little Gustava.

Waiting without stood sparrow and crow, Cooling their feet in the melting snow.

"Won't you come in, good folk?" she cried, But they were too bashful, and staid outside, Though "Pray come in!" cried Gustava.

So the last she threw them, and knelt on the mat, With doves, and biddy, and dog, and cat. And her mother came to the open house door: "Dear little daughter, I bring you some more, My merry little Gustava."

Kitty and terrier, biddy and doves, All things harmless Gustava loves, The shy, kind creatures 't is joy to feed, And, oh! her breakfast is sweet indeed To happy little Gustava!

James Selton was one of the most insolent boys in the village where he lived. He would rarely pass people in the street without being guilty of some sort of abuse.

But he was much frightened when the "rowdy," as he foolishly called the man, was struck on the head by a brick, and badly hurt. All the boys now ran away, and James skulked across the fields to his home. As he drew near the house, his sister Caroline came out to meet him, holding up

I met a little cottage girl: She was eight years old, she said; Her hair was thick with many a curl, That clustered round her head.

She had a rustic, woodland air, And she was wildly clad: Her eyes were fair, and very fair;-- Her beauty made me glad.

"Sisters and brothers, little maid, How many may you be?" "How many? Seven in all," she said, And, wondering, looked at me.

"And where are they? I pray you tell." She answered, "Seven are we; And two of us at Conway dwell, And two are gone to sea.

"Two of us in the churchyard lie, My sister and my brother; And, in the churchyard cottage, I Dwell near them with my mother,"

"You say that two at Conway dwell, And two are gone to sea, Yet ye are seven! I pray you tell, Sweet maid, how this may be."

Then did the little maid reply, "Seven boys and girls are we; Two of us in the churchyard lie, Beneath the churchyard tree."

"You run about, my little maid, Your limbs, they are alive; If two are in the churchyard laid, Then ye are only five."

"Their graves are green, they may be seen," The little maid replied, "Twelve steps or more from mother's door, And they are side by side.

"My stockings there I often knit, My kerchief there I hem; And there upon the ground I sit, And sing a song to them.

"And often after sunset, sir, When it is light and fair, I take my little porringer, And eat my supper there.

"The first that died was sister Jane; In bed she moaning lay,

Till God released her from her pain; And then she went away.

"So in the churchyard she was laid; And, when the grass was dry, Together round her grave we played, My brother John and I.

"And when the ground was white with snow, And I could run and slide, My brother John was forced to go, And he lies by her side."

"How many are you, then?" said I, "If they two are in heaven?" Quick was the little maid's reply, "O master! we are seven."

"But they are dead; those two are dead! Their spirits are in heaven!" 'T was throwing words away: for still The little maid would have her will, And said, "Nay, we are seven." William Wordsworth.

she thought I was sorry for her, for she said, so earnestly and sorrowfully, "I was thinking how good one of those gingerbread rolls would taste. I have n't had anything to eat to-day."

"Come in, little stranger," I said, As she tapped at my half open door; While the blanket, pinned over her head, Just reached to the basket she bore.

A look full of innocence fell From her modest and pretty blue eye, As she said, "I have matches to sell, And hope you are willing to buy.

"A penny a bunch is the price, I think you'll not find it too much; They are tied up so even and nice, And ready to light with a touch."

I asked, "'What's your name, little girl?" "'Tis Mary," said she, "Mary Dow;"

And carelessly tossed off a curl, That played on her delicate brow.

"My father was lost on the deep; The ship never got to the shore; And mother is sad, and will weep, To hear the wind blow and sea roar.

"She sits there at home, without food, Beside our poor, sick Willy's bed; She paid all her money for wood, And so I sell matches for bread.

"I'd go to the yard and get chips,

"But God, I am sure, who can take Such fatherly care of a bird, Will never forget nor forsake The children who trust in his word.

"And now, if I only can sell The matches I brought out to-day, I think I shall do very well, And we shall rejoice at the pay."

"Fly home, little bird," then I thought, "Fly home, full of joy, to your nest;" For I took all the matches she brought, And Mary may tell you the rest.

but remained standing modestly in the distance. When the ill-behaved girls had left, she took the smallest loaf, which alone was left in the basket, kissed the gentleman's hand, and went home. The next day the children were as ill behaved as before, and poor, timid Gretchen received a loaf scarcely half the size of the one she got the first day. When she came home, and her mother cut the loaf open, many new, shining pieces of silver fell out of it.

The meat he wanted so much, was soon eaten up; and all he got of the nice dinner, was a small crust of gingerbread that Susie threw away. After dinner, Susie played a while by

Down in a green and shady bed, A modest violet grew; Its stalk was bent, it hung its head,

And yet it was a lovely flower, Its colors bright and fair; It might have graced a rosy bower Instead of hiding there.

Yet there it was content to bloom, In modest tints arrayed, And there it spread its sweet perfume, Within the silent shade.

Then let me to the valley go, This pretty flower to see;

the grass, wishing she were at home confessing her fault. After a while Rose cried out, "Let us make a crown of violets, and put it on the head of the best girl here." "It will be easy enough to make the crown, but not so easy to decide who is to wear it," said Julia. "Why, Susan is to wear it, of course," said Rose: "is she not said to be the best girl in school and the most obedient at home?" "Yes, yes; the crown shall be for Susan,"

Did you never meet, far down the street, With plumes and banners gay, While the kettle, for the kettledrum, Played your march, march away?

It seems to me but yesterday, Nor scarce so long ago, Since all our school their muskets took, To charge the fearful foe.

Our muskets were of cedar wood, With ramrods bright and new; With bayonets forever set, And painted barrels, too.

We charged upon a flock of geese, And put them all to flight-- Except one sturdy gander That thought to show us fight.

we knew a thing or two; Our captain wheeled the van; We routed him, we scouted him, Nor lost a single man!

Our captain was as brave a lad

He led us up the steep hillside, Against the western wind, While the cockerel plume that decked his head Streamed bravely out behind.

We shouldered arms, we carried arms, We charged the bayonet; And woe unto the mullein stalk That in our course we met!

At two o'clock the roll we called, And till the close of day, With fearless hearts, though tired limbs, We fought the mimic fray,-- Till the supper bell, from out the dell, Bade us march, march away.

Now I will tell you how Willie came to be in the shaft. He and Caper went to the pasture field, and came to the edge of the shaft and sat down.

There was once a pretty chicken; But his friends were very few, For he thought that there was nothing In the world but what he knew: So he always, in the farmyard, Had a very forward way, Telling all the hens and turkeys What they ought to do and say. Goose," he said, "I wonder That your goslings you should let Go out paddling in the water; It will kill them to get wet."

"I wish, my old Aunt Dorking," He began to her, one day, "That you would n't sit all summer In your nest upon the hay. Won't you come out to the meadow, Where the grass with seeds is filled?" "If I should," said Mrs. Dorking, "Then my eggs would all get chilled." "No, they wo n't," replied the chicken, "And no matter if they do; Eggs are really good for nothing; What's an egg to me or you?"

"What's an egg!" said Mrs.

You yourself were in an eggshell Just one little month ago? And, if kind wings had not warmed you, You would not be out to-day, Telling hens, and geese, and turkeys, What they ought to do and say!

"To be very wise, and show it, Is a pleasant thing, no doubt; But, when young folks talk to old folks, They should know what they're about." Marian Douglas.

Few plants are more useful to man than Indian corn, or maize. No grain, except rice, is used to so great an extent as an article of food. In some countries corn is almost the only food eaten by the people.

The ground was all covered with snow one day, And two little sisters were busy at play, When a snowbird was sitting close by on a tree,

He had not been singing that tune very long Ere Emily heard him, so loud was his song; "O sister, look out of the window!" said she;

he walks in the snow and the sleet, And has neither stockings nor shoes on his feet: I wonder what makes him so full of his glee;

"If I were a barefooted snowbird, I know, I would not stay out in the cold and the snow; I pity him so! oh, how cold he must be!

"O mother; do get him some stockings, and shoes, And a nice little frock, and a hat if he choose: I wish he'd come into the parlor, and see

The bird had flown down for some sweet crumbs of bread, And heard every word little Emily said: "What a figure I'd make in that dress" thought he,

"I am grateful," said he, "for the wish you express, But have no occasion for such a fine dress; I rather remain with my little limbs free,

"There is One, my dear child, though I can not tell who, Has clothed me already, and warm enough, too. Oh, who are so happy as we?"

Often, as you advance, you will find every trace of the path swept away by the failing of rocks and earth from above.

God make my life a little light, Within the world to glow; A little flame that burneth bright Wherever I may go.

God make my life a little flower, That giveth joy to all, Content to bloom in native bower, Although its place be small.

God make my life a little song, That comforteth the sad; That helpeth others to be strong, And makes the singer glad.

God make my life a little hymn Of tenderness and praise; Of faith--that never waxeth dim In all His wondrous ways.

thrown the books, when, all of a sudden, I thought of the Commandment about returning good for evil. "I stopped short--so short, that, somehow,

A dreary place would be this earth, Were there no little people in it; The song of life would lose its mirth, Were there no children to begin it;

No little forms, like buds to grow, And make the admiring heart surrender; No little hands on breast and brow, To keep the thrilling love chords tender.

The sterner souls would grow more stern, Unfeeling nature more inhuman, And man to utter coldness turn, And woman would be less than woman.

Life's song, indeed, would lose its charm, Were there no babies to begin it; A doleful place this world would be, Were there no little people in it.

The sun is hidden from our sight, The birds are sleeping sound; 'T is time to say to all, "Good night!" And give a kiss all round.

Good night, my father, mother, dear! Now kiss your little son; Good night, my friends, both far and near! Good night to every one.

Good night, ye merry, merry birds! Sleep well till morning light; Perhaps, if you could sing in words, You would have said, "Good night!"

To all my pretty flowers, good night! You blossom while I sleep; And all the stars, that shine so bright, With you their watches keep.

The moon is lighting up the skies, The stars are sparkling there; 'T is time to shut our weary eyes, And say our evening prayer.
